##P4R1
Disastrous formula change.
I've been using this FAB cream for almost a decade. I have spent thousands of dollars on just this one cream - I've got a whole family with sensitive skin and we live in an area with very harsh winters. We've bought uncounted tubes and tubs of this stuff (as well as now-discontinued fragrances, rip coconut lime). This used to be the absolute best cream you could buy for a variety of concerns - dry skin, acne, eczema, flakiness, EVERYTHING. The scent was pleasant and the texture, once it sunk in, left your skin actually soft but never greasy and weird. Holy Grail, totally deserving of every accolade it received. 

Welp. Over the last year that's almost all changed. The fragrance is more or less the same, but I suddenly noticed my hands and face weren't staying as nice as they used to. My family agrees: the cream isn't soothing eczema or flakiness anymore, nor helping prevent dryness. The texture is no longer thick and luscious but feels watery and insubstantial when applied. Once it's rubbed in, skin now seems mildly tacky, not soft or moisturized. Any sensation of moisture wears off quickly. 

I can't tell what they've done to the formula besides the addition of eucalyptus, but it is a catastrophic change. This product used to be five stars, now it's one. A pump bottle of any drugstore brand with oatmeal will serve you much better. I also want to note they have raised the price on the 8oz tube by TWELVE DOLLARS over the last six years - and I'd still be willing to pay if it wasn't worse than a drugstore product. But as it stands I'm heartbroken. Don't waste your money.


Positive: 
Brand: Fab cream 
Skin: Great for a variety of skin concerns
Scent: Pleasant 
Texture: Thick and luscious, soft but never greasy, skin seems mildly tacky

Negative: 
Texture: Watery and insubstantial, any sensation of moisture wears off quickly 
Price: Raised the price on the 8oz tube by TWELVE DOLLARS 
Sentiment: Don't waste your money 
Formula Change: Catastrophic change
##P4R2
Best by far
I got this while it was on sale to try and wish I bought more! I've tried gold bond cream to l'occitaine cream and this is by far the best. Not greasy but keeps your hands supple. I work in health care and wash my hands so much. This has been amazing for the winter dryness as well. Cannot recommend enough.


Positive: 
Sentiment: Best by far 
Skin: Not greasy, keeps hands supple 
Usage: Health care, winter dryness 
Sentiment: Cannot recommend enough 

Negative: 
Competitor: Tried Gold Bond cream to L'Occitaine cream
##P4R3
A must have for sensitive skin, till you react!
When I used the product for many months, I didn't have any issues and it did moisturize well. I even used it on my baby's skin and it helped. However, after a few months, it felt like I got sensitive to one of the ingredients (probably the eucalyptus) and got pimples on and off when using the product. Also, after a point I felt like it didn't leave me moisturized for a few hours later, just right after. I think it might be a hit or miss.


Positive: 
Skin: Moisturize well, helped on baby's skin 

Negative: 
Allergy: Sensitive to one of the ingredients, got pimples 
Hydration: Didn't leave moisturized for a few hours later
##P4R4
Used to be great product 3+ years ago, not anymore
Let me start by saying I loved this product so much when I first started using it. My hands, especially during winter, tend to crack and bleed at the knuckles and cuticles especially. I finally caved and bought the ultra repair cream. It was amazing! The cream was thick, absorbing relatively quickly. It did cause a little burning at first because my hands were so dry and cracked. That subsided after 10 minutes max. I finally saw my skin looking normal and it did take away the small eczema-looking patch on my arm within a week. I was so amazed by this cream, I stocked up and would have anywhere from 5-10+ 14oz jars on hand at any given time and also bought this every year for Christmas for family and friends.

Then I started to noticed the formula was becoming thinner and not working as well as it used to. I noticed my skin going back to the way it was. 

Then the price got outrageous $78 for a 14oz jar? Seems a little excessive for how much cream I was having to use. Then it was getting harder and harder to get their TSV on time for Christmas. Or even at all,  I had it on autodelivery for the Christmas pear fragrance and waited 2 months after it was supposed to ship and kept getting the run around. I finally cancelled it because I got sick of waiting and I haven’t bought another product from them since. Then they stopped selling it! So I ended up going back to my old lotions that were less than 1/2 the price for more product.


So basically, I used to love this product and highly recommended it to everyone, now I can’t stand it and will never purchase it again.

Positive: 
Skin: Saw skin looking normal, took away small eczema patch 
Sentiment: Loved this product 
Usage: Hand, arm 
Recommend: Highly recommended it to everyone 

Negative: 
Formula: Formula was becoming thinner 
Price: Price got outrageous 
Availability: Getting harder and harder to get TSV, waited 2 months for autodelivery, stopped selling it
